Fix response.body property access for StreamingResponse (#124)
zmievsa/cadwyn: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [3.2.1]

### Fixed

> * If a user uses a FastAPI/Starlette `StreamingResponse`, we still tried to access body param which caused an `AttributeError`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a user used a FastAPI/Starlette `StreamingResponse`, we still tried to access its `body` attribute which caused an `AttributeError`
```

> ## [Unreleased]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
